hello and welcome back to another
collection DX review with your host me
Josh B so today we were gonna be looking
at the three a world war robot portable
Armstrong the toy tokyo 10th anniversary
limited edition so before I get into
this a little bit I want a few backstory
here so this is a design by Ashley Wood
from the world war robot series but this
is world war robot portable portable
meaning that it's a half size toys so
normally these are like one-sixth scale
I think this one is 1/12 scale ok next
thing to know is that this has made a
color color version specifically for toy
Tokyo a toy store in New York City
fantastic store and third thing I want
you to know that this was a came from
the collection of my buddy Kirkland you
of toy bought studios so go visit toy
bought studios for a lot more of this
type of stuff he covers more of these
artist exclusive type things than than I
do but I got turned on to this from my
buddy Ben who known as promethium 5 on
the website and I have to say that I
think they are astounding toys so
package is pretty nondescript but the
toy itself is awesome I appears that I
have to zoom out a little bit all in the
frame there you go so this is Armstrong
he is that made out of vinyl he's
painted in a very rusty metallic color
scheme oops he's a little back heavy but
you know he is a designer toys he's not
so much made for
way as he is for display you can see the
word toy right on front the TT on the
shoulder and the ten that's all
indicative of the toy Tokyo version okay
and in the back you can see the toy
Tokyo logo it's didn't so these pieces
are astounding and while this is a
limited version its it has all the
hallmarks of any regular 3-8 release and
once I can just get into the detail and
buy the the paint if you aren't watching
this in high quality you really should
just to see how insane that's painted
vinyl painted weathered textured details
of vinyl that is insane okay look at
that look at the hands each finger
independently jointed I mean each each
joint in each finger okay so you can you
know really do a lot with them and
they're not particularly fragile either
they're just well engineered
well-designed fingers okay articulation
is not bad the head does rotate a little
bit okay
the shoulders are ball joints you can
pop them out pretty easily if you wanted
to you get an elbow swivel swivel
I'm down here you have a ball joint ball
joint bending knee okay the backpack is
actually comes as a separate piece and
you can attach it I'm just gonna leave
it on for the sake of argument this also
has a little bit of motion a little
extra detail okay my brother Adam is
over here you saw this and he made it do
the metal horns which I think it's quite
appropriate
this guy don't you think very metal very
metal all right so that's that he also
comes with a weapon this is a a big
bazooka looking thing also nicely
detailed and he just grabs this with his
fully articulated hand like so and there
you go okay
pretty awesome I'm really impressed with
this now imagine one twice this size I
mean he's a wraith Faden for for scale
so he's maybe nine inches tall so that
would make the full-size one eighteen
inches which is kind of crazy but also
the price would desire it's closer to a
hundred and fifty bucks maybe I you know
I'm not entirely sure don't quote me on
uh I know this guy like retail was like
sixty five bucks I think I'm not
entirely sure because it was kind of a
limited special thing I think maybe you
got it at the comic-con or something but
I really dig it I really like the look
and feel of this whole unit I could see
myself totally getting a lot of these if
they weren't so damned hard to get new
pieces in this line you basically the
way to ensure you get one is to kind of
be part of their club or something you
got to get on like a mailing list you
got to pay in advance six months later
the things might ship to you big pain in
the butt you could of course always get
them on the secondary market and pay
through the nose there are some that are
just massive with there's big blocks
with bazookas that'll like you know two
and a half feet long really insane toy
line so this is a good luck entry
gateway piece to the actually would
three a kind of style of doing things I
can see myself getting more of these but
I may stick with the portable size
just for the sake of where the hell
would I put you know the 20 inch tall
robot with a two and a half foot long
bazooka
I've seen it in person it's awesome
but goddamn you gotta have the space for
something like this so this is Armstrong
this is by 3ei toys this is the toy
tokyo 10th anniversary edition this came
from the collection of Kirkland Zhu of
toilet studios who yes I owe you an SOC
for this bad boy
and it is coming so don't you worry
about it having begotten in my man and
um yeah it's a great piece and if you
guys haven't checked this stuff out
before look under collection DX look for
under stuff in two three eight you can
see a bunch of different ones that we've
reviewed they're all super impressive
really nice pieces so it's Josh McLaren
GX see you next time